fix(curriculum): improve Bookmark Manager tests (#57636)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-bookmark-manager-app/66def5467aee701733aaf8cc.md

1. You should have a function named `displayOrHideCategory` that toggles the `hidden` class on `#main-section` and `#bookmark-list-section`.
1. When you click `#view-category-button`, you should update the inner text of `.category-name` to be the value of the selected option from `#category-dropdown`, modify the inner HTML of `#category-list` according to the user stories below, and call the `displayOrHideCategory` function.
1. If none of the bookmarks in local storage have the category, you should set the inner HTML of the `#category-list` to a `p` element with the text `No Bookmarks Found`.
1. If one or more bookmarks in local storage have the selected category, you should add a radio button with `id` and `value` attributes, and set to the bookmark name to the `#category-list`'s inner HTML for each of those bookmarks. Additionally, each radio button should have the same `name` attribute.
1. Each radio button should have a corresponding label containing an anchor element with the bookmark name and the `href` attribute set to the bookmark URL.

> 1. When you click `#close-list-button`, you should run your function to hide the `#bookmark-list-section` and display the main section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. When you click the `#close-list-button`, you should run your function to hide the `#bookmark-list-section` and display the main section.
```

> 1. When you click `#close-list-button`, you should run your function to hide the `#bookmark-list-section` and display the main section.

Author: ```suggestion
1. When you click the `#close-list-button`, you should run your function to hide the `#bookmark-list-section` and display the main section.
```

> 1. When you click `#delete-bookmark-button`, you should delete the bookmark corresponding to the selected radio button and appropriate category from the local storage and update the displayed bookmark list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When you click the `#delete-bookmark-button`, you should delete the bookmark corresponding to the selected radio button and appropriate category from the local storage and update the displayed bookmark list.
```

}
```

> When you click `#view-category-button`, you should modify `#category-list`'s inner HTML by adding a radio button having the `id` and `value` attributes set to the bookmark name for each bookmark in the selected category. Additionally, each radio button should have the same `name` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the `#view-category-button`, you should modify the `#category-list` element's inner HTML by adding a radio button. The radio button should have the `id` and `value` attributes set to the bookmark name for each bookmark in the selected category. Additionally, each radio button should have the same `name` attribute.
```

assert.strictEqual(getHidden("bookmark list"), "bookmark list");
```

> When you click `#close-list-button` and then open again the same, or different category, the `#category-list` should contain only data relevant for selected category, without duplicating entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the `#close-list-button` and then open any category, the `#category-list` should contain only data relevant for the selected category, without duplicating entries.
```

  categoryDropdownTest.value = "news";
  viewCategoryButtonTest.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));

  const newsBookmarks = document.querySelectorAll('#category-list input[type="radio"]');
  assert.lengthOf(newsBookmarks, 2);
  assert.strictEqual(newsBookmarks[0].id, "example1");
  assert.strictEqual(newsBookmarks[0].value, "example1");
  assert.strictEqual(newsBookmarks[1].id, "example4");
  assert.strictEqual(newsBookmarks[1].value, "example4");

  closeListButtonTest.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));
  categoryDropdownTest.value = "work";
  viewCategoryButtonTest.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));

  const workBookmarks = document.querySelectorAll('#category-list input[type="radio"]');
  assert.lengthOf(workBookmarks, 1);
  assert.strictEqual(workBookmarks[0].id, "example3");
  assert.strictEqual(workBookmarks[0].value, "example3");

  categoryDropdownTest.value = "miscellaneous";
  viewCategoryButtonTest.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));

  const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll("#category-list p");
  assert.lengthOf(paragraphs, 1);
  assert.strictEqual(paragraphs[0].innerText, "No Bookmarks Found");
} finally {
  resetLocalStorage();
  clearCategoryList();
}
```

> When you click `#delete-bookmark-button`, you should delete the bookmark corresponding to the selected radio button and appropriate category from the local storage and update the displayed bookmark list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you click the `#delete-bookmark-button`, you should delete the bookmark corresponding to the selected radio button and appropriate category from the local storage and update the displayed bookmark list.
```
